Dear Manikandan, My apologies, I see you have sent messages before now but I have missed as I did not recognise the number. You have been on my to do list to contact as I see you have sent another donation of 10,000 Rs received in August by our financial services, it is so much appreciated by us all🙏. I went to financial services yesterday but the tax receipt was not signed yet, I will have it early next week and will send with the July receipt.

Thank you so much for also nominating us for this initiative with Bank of America, I am happy to provide any information they may need. I was telling the team about you recently in our weekly meeting as I had been enjoying the links you sent in your last email, we are preparing now for small classes as soon as we are allowed to and the maths links especially were much appreciated. I was telling your story about the teacher who had such an impact on you. One of our team members asked me how did you come in contact with Thamarai's work and I realised I have no idea, did someone recommend our work or is it by chance that we have the good luck of the connect with you ?  At the moment we are busy finishing the 1st stage of our new learning centre, we plastered the walls this week and the sports ground across the road is also going well, we have provided all the materials and the youth of the village are providing their labours as their contribution. I hope you are doing well, the villages around here have not been heavily impacted with the virus despite the high numbers in Pondicherry. Take care and thank you again for all you are doing for Thamarai, it is so much appreciated

1. How/Why dailypractice got created?

My friend Mohan, wanted to teach his son, who is in 2nd std.
He wanted to teach his son to practice tables daily.
From our discussions, we found that talent/genius does not come automatically.
It's effort, daily practice, questioning, thinking and re-learning.
It requires 2 or 3 generations. Every generation, has to put their effort.

We analyze few people's life:

1. Martina Hingis - Tennis star at the age of 15
Her mother taught/practiced her tennis since 3 or 4 years

2. Viswanathan Anand - Chess
Influence & guidance: His mother

3. Sachin Tendulkar  - Cricket
Influence and guidance - His elder Brother

4. Steve Woznik - Creator of Apple Mac computer
He started playing with Diodes and Transistors at the age of 4
How? His father  worked in electronics and enabled Steve Wozniak to explore it when he was just 4

5. PV Sindhu - Badminton
Her parents are volleyball players in India and got Arjuna awards from Govt of India. 
They most likely did not play in international. But see Sindhu, now. 
Sindhu practices daily 4 am to 8 am since she was identified by Gopichand, at age of 7/8

If daily, I can spend 4 hours, from age 8 to age 20, that is 12 years of consistency.

Is it any wonder, she got Silver in Olympics and she is world-champion?

Nothing comes free. Effort must produce a result, sooner or later.

We can consciously practice and get better everyday


2. Receipts:

Thank you for following up. Not urgent, but needed.
It helps to have the record so that can submit, when Bank of America asks me.

3. Bank of America - nomination: 
I hope, to get by next week 10 people to nominate Thamarai. After 10 employees nominiate, BofA charity will reach out to Thamarai, asking for information/financial report etc. I am not aware of what are the documents they would require. As per the process, it might take anywhere from 1 month to 6 months. I hope it's fast and get completed soon, so that I can apply matching grant, for all my contributions this year :)  and refer Thamarai to other friends in Bank of America


4. maths links especially were much appreciated: 
Thank you very much. 
We would like to have your feedback:
1. What do you want to see/train students in mathematics?
2. Is there a different way to teach? 
3. What topics? 
4. How many students currently Thamarai suports, which std are they studying?
5. What medium are they studying - Tamil or English?
5. How to make sure students do daily practice and how to create interest in students?

5. how did you come in contact?

I am in touch with few NGO's that does work towards Children education.
Due to covid 19, I understood, that NGO's might have tough time to get funds.
That's how started exploring more on NGO's towards education and found Thamarai

My grandmother (mother's mother), is from Pondicherry until her marriage.
I lived with her since my 6th std, in Trichy.

I remember Pondicherry since 1987, when we had a beach with sands and we were able to walk
and play in sand. My mother also loves Pondicherry, as she loves her uncle and aunt!

I did visit Pondicherry few years before, as my grandmother's relatives (sister and brother) family are living in Pondy.

6. New learning centre - construction

1. Sports centre - Thank you for creating, and enabling children to play as a team.
2. Youth Contribution - Appreciate very much and thank you for enabling it. Any contribution is worth and should be recognized. I am sure, everyone would feel happy and fulfilling about their contribution. 

7. Covid19 - in villages:  Good to know that it has minimum/less impact. Lets hope and pray Covid19 goes away soon

8. Teacher and School: I have to thank K Kamarajar, who opened many schools - free education. Then found the challenges for children and enabled free lunch. Without it, I cannot be where I am. My 5th std teacher, Mrs. Rambha Angamuthu, I met her 2 years before. She is around 85. It was painful that time in 1988 Jun to Aug, 5th std at 9-10 years of age, when she beat us with stick, if we did not write a, b, c,d  correctly as per her expectation. But after 3 months, in that class, all students improved.

1. English/Tamil hand-writing  - daily 
2. Multiplication table + Division + Addition + Subtraction + Factorization - daily
3. Tamil and English - Reading skill - Fluent - daily
4. Questioning and thinking

It was fate, she chose and asked the head master that year to teach our class. Otherwise she usually taught a different class. 

Fate, my parents moved only me from my village to Trichy, living with my maternal grandparents.
I studied in E.R. Higher Secondary School and had many wonderful teachers, few of whom, still
I am in touch and meet them, whenever I go to Trichy. 

When I got English hand-writing prize in my 6th std, and took the certificate to my village and showed to my teacher in school, in 1990, she was so happy. I can't forget her.

I can't give back anything to Rambha teacher or TMT sir or many other teachers. The only way is giving back to upcoming generation, in whatever way, I could. 

9. Annual subscription of kidsage and Robin's age:

1. Thank you very much and for sharing the details. 
2. Is it both in Tamil and English?
3. Is there a digital version? 
I want to read and recommend to my friends/relatives/other NGO's children

10. What we can learn from inspiring people, who architected India?

I request you to share with students and everyone who are around 10 years and above:

Gandhiji - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nfrbvh8tmNY
Kamarajar - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86l6dsaMzv4
Omandur - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuHp9ozd-ug

Watch, listen,  question and understand. 
We are living on the sacrifices made by few konwn greats and many unknown greats of our previous generations.
Nothing is free. Lets earn and do our work!